Florida this week has a big milestone
it's the 175th anniversary of Florida
becoming a state Florida is a hundred
seventy-five years old which is why it
moved to Florida in the first place but
Florida is a strange even their state
flag looks like the wrong answer on
family feud it isn't no state in the
Union has crammed more crazy into its
years of existence than Florida and so
with that said we are very pleased to
present this tribute tonight to our
favorite state there's never been a
better time to visit Florida join us as
we celebrate 175 years of statehood
since 1845 Florida has been America's
top travel destination for people hoping
to get a DUI on a lawnmower but no
matter how you get there
whether by street-legal jet ski or
twerking on the roof of a Nissan in
Florida everyone's welcome so kick back
relax and smoke some weed in a maternity
ward
or some crack in the ICU looking for
excitement just steeled
16 metric tons of Crisco or 850 pairs of
ladies underwear or throw a live
alligator into a drive-thru and when the
Sun Goes Down the night gets hot and one
of our world-famous strip clubs where
you can do whatever your heart desires
even run over your own legs with a
pickup truck
the Sunshine State will make all your
dreams come true book your trip today 21
million exotic reptile poachers can't be
wrong come to Florida the state that God
forgot I am Jimmy Kimmel if you want to
see all our latest videos click the
subscribe button and if you don't click
anyway and close your eyes when they
come on